Update 2024-09-20-ppw-hardcore-friday-2.md (#557)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/ppw/2024-09-20-ppw-hardcore-friday-2.md

  - '[Olgierd](@/w/olgierd.md)'
  - '[Samson](@/w/samson.md)'
  - g: true

>     s: [Zmowa](@/a/the-collusion.md) vs Zmowa przeciwko zmowie face off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    s: '[Zmowa](@/a/the-collusion.md) vs Zmowa przeciwko zmowie face off'
```
